MUNI_TECH_WRITERS: Paramiko contradictions, issue #1042 (#1258)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/glossary.rst

        Ansible orchestration is all about modeling that kind of process.

    paramiko
        By default, Ansible uses native OpenSSH, because it supports ControlPersist.

>         If your control machine uses an older version of OpenSSH that does not support ControlPersist,

Reviewer: Drop the two lines about ControlPersist. It's superfluous information for the glossary entry. It also duplicates the details from here: https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/inventory_guide/connection_details.html#controlpersist-and-paramiko

If that changes, you'd need to update that section as well as the glossary.

>         Ansible will fall back to a Python implementation of OpenSSH called 'paramiko'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Ansible can use a Python SSH implementation called 'paramiko'.
```

Reviewer: It's just a Python implementation of SSH, not OpenSSH. I'd also remove the detail about falling back to paramiko and keep the glossary entry generic.

        Ansible orchestration is all about modeling that kind of process.

    paramiko

>         Ansible can use Python SSH implementation called 'paramiko'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Ansible can use a Python SSH implementation called 'paramiko'.
```

Reviewer: To be consistent with the other uses I'd wrap in backticks instead of single quote.

>         The paramiko library is generally fast and easy to manage. To use paramiko 
>         you need to specify the connection type in your :term:`playbooks`, or by using the ``-c paramiko`` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The paramiko library is generally fast and easy to manage.
        To use paramiko you need to specify the connection type in your :term:`playbooks`, or by using the ``-c paramiko`` flag.
```

Reviewer: Better to put each sentence on a new line imo.
